README.md, before:

# taskify
A simple task management web application built with Node.js, Express, MongoDB, and EJS.

# Taskify 🗂️

Taskify is a simple Task Management Web Application built using Node.js, Express, EJS, and MongoDB.  
It allows users to create, view, edit, update status, and delete tasks with a clean and responsive UI.

## 🚀 Features

- Create, view, update, and delete tasks  
- Update task status (Pending / In Progress / Completed)  
- Color-coded status badges for quick visual context  
- Responsive UI with Bootstrap  
- Persistent data storage with MongoDB

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|------------|
| Frontend | HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, EJS |
| Backend | Node.js, Express.js |
| Database | MongoDB & Mongoose |
| Deployment | Local or cloud hosts (optional) |

---

## 🧾 Screenshots

**Home Page**
<img width="1919" height="962" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77f3f35d-7fee-4a40-ae83-631cadcd8baa" />

**Task List**
<img width="1895" height="965" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/599349b5-7931-45be-9db9-06c14cdcfc74" />

**Task Details**
<img width="1919" height="723" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de988697-6b57-4b06-9fab-8632c57227f5" />

Commit message:

Add setup instructions to README
Added setup instructions for running Taskify locally.

README.md, after:

# taskify
A simple task management web application built with Node.js, Express, MongoDB, and EJS.

# Taskify 🗂️

Taskify is a simple Task Management Web Application built using Node.js, Express, EJS, and MongoDB.  
It allows users to create, view, edit, update status, and delete tasks with a clean and responsive UI.

## 🚀 Features

- Create, view, update, and delete tasks  
- Update task status (Pending / In Progress / Completed)  
- Color-coded status badges for quick visual context  
- Responsive UI with Bootstrap  
- Persistent data storage with MongoDB

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|------------|
| Frontend | HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, EJS |
| Backend | Node.js, Express.js |
| Database | MongoDB & Mongoose |
| Deployment | Local or cloud hosts (optional) |

## ⚙️ Setup Instructions

Follow the steps below to run Taskify locally on your machine.
- 1️⃣ Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/priycodes/taskify.git
cd taskify
- 2️⃣ Install dependencies
Make sure Node.js and npm are installed, then run:
npm install
- 3️⃣ Start MongoDB
Ensure MongoDB is running locally.
Default connection used:
mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/Taskify
- 4️⃣ Run the application
node app.js
You should see:
connected to DB
server is listening to port 8080
- 5️⃣ Open in browser
Visit: http://localhost:8080

## 🧾 Screenshots

**Home Page**
<img width="1919" height="962" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77f3f35d-7fee-4a40-ae83-631cadcd8baa" />

**Task List**
<img width="1895" height="965" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/599349b5-7931-45be-9db9-06c14cdcfc74" />

**Task Details**
<img width="1919" height="723" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/de988697-6b57-4b06-9fab-8632c57227f5" />
